backend: uvicorn app.main:app --port 9999 --reload
frontend: npm run dev



2. Why the "Issues Found" Count is Higher than the "Security Audit" Report
This behavior is actually an intentional, advanced feature of the Map-Reduce Architecture built into CodeRecall. Here is exactly how it works under the hood:

The Raw File Scanning (Map Phase)
During the initial Map phase, individual AI agents analyze every file independently. They are instructed to flag any potential issue, warning, or style concern.

This results in a lot of raw findings, including minor dead code, hypothetical warnings, duplicate notices (e.g., standard library issues mentioned in multiple files), and style recommendations.
The Issues Found counter at the top (and the Vulnerability Checklist at the bottom of the Security tab) shows the sum of all raw warnings across the entire project.
The Master Audit Synthesis (Reduce Phase)
In the Reduce phase, all these raw findings are compiled and handed to a high-capacity Master Security Auditor Agent. The Master Auditor is given the following prompt:

"Review them, filter out obvious false positives, and write a professional 'Final Security Audit Report'."

Deduplication: If the same connection issue or warning is found across 5 different files, the Master Auditor consolidates them into a single, cohesive architectural security warning rather than repeating it 5 times.
False Positive Filtering: The Master Auditor filters out low-severity noise, style alerts, or incorrect flags made by individual file agents that do not represent real-world security risks.
Professional Curation: It synthesizes the remaining genuine threats into the structured high-fidelity report under the Master Security Audit text panel.
Where to see all of them?
If you want to see the curated high-level summary, read the main Master Security Audit report.
If you want to inspect every single raw issue flagged by the individual file agents, scroll down on the Security Audit tab to the Vulnerability Checklist table, where you can filter the raw list of issues by severity (Critical, High, Medium, Low) and click on file paths to open the code directly!